README.rst, before:

WaniKani CLI
============

**This works for review. It is still experimental. Use at your own risk.**

A command line interface to do your WaniKani lessons and reviews.

INSTALL
-------

.. code-block:: bash

    pip install wanikani-cli


RUN
---

Check the help:

.. code-block:: bash

    wanikani-cli --help

To display your review summary:

.. code-block:: bash

    wanikani-cli summary

To start a review session:

.. code-block:: bash

    wanikani-cli reviews


DEVELOPMENT
-----------
This project uses `Poetry <https://python-poetry.org/docs/>`_.

.. code-block:: bash

    poetry install

You can also use the generated `requirements.txt` file.

.. code-block:: bash

    pip install -r requirements.txt

Please run that command after adding external libaries through poetry:

.. code-block:: bash

    poetry export --without-hashes --format requirements.txt --output requirements.txt

TEST
----

Run the test:

.. code-block:: bash

    poetry run pytest

TODO
----

- Submit reviews to the API.
- Link cards for the same "subject" together.
- Accept answers with english typos.
- Add more tests.

And more...

Commit message:

Improved revewing interface and added mnemonic.
- Added --limit argument to limit the number of reviews in a session.
  The max is 500 and the min is 1.
- Added --mnemonics to diplay question mnemonic when making a mistake
- Catch "ctrl +c" to display an exit message.

README.rst, after:

WaniKani CLI
============

**This works for review. It is still experimental. Use at your own risk.**

A command line interface to do your WaniKani lessons and reviews.

INSTALL
-------

.. code-block:: bash

    pip install wanikani-cli


RUN
---

Check the help:

.. code-block:: bash

    wanikani-cli --help

To display your review summary:

.. code-block:: bash

    wanikani-cli summary

To start a review session:

.. code-block:: bash

    wanikani-cli reviews

To start a review session in hard mode with audio and a limited number of reviews:
.. code-block:: bash

    wanikani-cli reviews --hard --autoplay --limit 10

DEVELOPMENT
-----------
This project uses `Poetry <https://python-poetry.org/docs/>`_.

.. code-block:: bash

    poetry install

You can also use the generated `requirements.txt` file.

.. code-block:: bash

    pip install -r requirements.txt

Please run that command after adding external libaries through poetry:

.. code-block:: bash

    poetry export --without-hashes --format requirements.txt --output requirements.txt

TEST
----

Run the test:

.. code-block:: bash

    poetry run pytest

TODO
----

- Submit reviews to the API.
- Link cards for the same "subject" together.
- Accept answers with english typos.
- Add more tests.

And more...
