docs/source/install.rst, before:

Installation
============

Python Version
--------------

We recommend using the latest version of Python. 3.9 and newer.
This program does not support windows system.

.. code-block:: bash

    pip install hebikani

**Note**: You will need the dependencies described below to run this program.


Dependencies
------------

OSX
~~~

Please ensure that you have commandline-tools from xcode installed

.. code-block:: bash

    xcode-select --install.

We need it for:

* `pyobjc`_ (required to play audio).

.. _pyobjc: https://pypi.org/project/pyobjc/

Linux
~~~~~

You will need to install manually run:

.. code-block:: bash

    sudo apt install libgirepository1.0-dev gcc libcairo2-dev pkg-config python3-dev gir1.2-gtk-3.0

We need it for:

* `PyGObject`_ (required to play audio).

.. _PyGObject: https://pypi.org/project/pygobject/


Development
-----------

This project uses `Poetry <https://python-poetry.org/docs/>`_.

.. code-block:: bash

    poetry install
    poetry shell
    hebikani --help

Commit message:

feat: add windows support
Added mutagen for windows install since playsound has issue playing WaniKani's mp3
Mutagen removes the mp3 tag and that makes it work on windows.

We are not saving temporary files and delete them manually.
It was making permission error on windows.

Updated documentation to include Windows install.

Updated tests when removing cache (since we are keeping the files and delete them manually)

Removed tests that were checking that windows is not implemented.

docs/source/install.rst, after:

Installation
============

Python Version
--------------

We recommend using the latest version of Python. 3.9 and newer.

.. code-block:: bash

    pip install hebikani


**Note**: You will need the dependencies described below to run this program.

Dependencies
------------

OSX
~~~

Please ensure that you have commandline-tools from xcode installed

.. code-block:: bash

    xcode-select --install.

We need it for:

* `pyobjc`_ (required to play audio).

.. _pyobjc: https://pypi.org/project/pyobjc/

Linux
~~~~~

You will need to install manually run:

.. code-block:: bash

    sudo apt install libgirepository1.0-dev gcc libcairo2-dev pkg-config python3-dev gir1.2-gtk-3.0

We need it for:

* `PyGObject`_ (required to play audio).

.. _PyGObject: https://pypi.org/project/pygobject/


Windows
~~~~~~~

.. warning::

    | In the event that the Japanese characters do not display, make sure that you are using a TrueType font that supports Japanese. **SimSun-ExtB** is a good choice.
    |
    | On PowerShell you can change the font by clicking on the icon in the top-left corner of the window and select Properties, then change to the Fonts tab and select **SimSun-ExtB**.


Development
-----------

This project uses `Poetry <https://python-poetry.org/docs/>`_.

.. code-block:: bash

    poetry install
    poetry shell
    hebikani --help
